{'q000002': [('shahp', u'They were good. Drawing was just difficult'), ('diomidov', u'Drawing straight lines is hard.')], 'q000003': [('jbergero', u"Didn't go through it extensively, but I think a nice option would be to be able to draw graphs sort of like how you would draw a curve in some vector based software. Specify two points A and B, have a line segment drawn between them, then be able to drag the midpoint, let's say 'ab' of the line to smoothly alter the curvature of the line between the two points. Would make for much easier and accurate drawing.\n\nAlso if you connect one endpoint B with a newly defined point C, a new line should be generated between B and C such that the curve is differentiable at B, and you can drag B to effect the overall curvature between A and C, (so B is like the point 'ac', also I'm not sure what is meant by 'overall curvature') while still being able to drag 'ab' and the newly defined 'bc'. Would make things way more precise and still offer an intuitive interface. Just a thought.\n\nAlso, for any graphs that represent actual -functions-, maybe disallow the drawing of two points such that for some a in the domain, a maps to two points in the codomain. This seems pretty easy. \n\nAdditionally, it would be nice if the software could detect if you're trying to draw a globally monotonic graph and automatically correct any small 'jitters' in the path of the curve to keep the curve monotonic. You could probably do this by looking at finitely many intervals over the currently drawn curve and seeing if some fraction of them have a secant with the same signed slope. Obviously you would have to wait for some amount of user input before determining if the graph is meant to be monotonic, but after it's determined, in addition to fixing any future user input, you could retroactively fix any jitters drawn before the monotonicity was determined. Just some quality of life things. I do think vector based drawing with points is the way to go however."), ('shahp', u'I was impressed by the grading system.'), ('diomidov', u'In one of the Thevenin problems I got correct Vth but wrong Rth, and I still got 100%.')], 'q000000': [('shahp', u'Its hard to draw on a laptop trackpad'), ('diomidov', u'No')], 'q000001': [('shahp', u'They were interesting'), ('diomidov', u'That it mostly works!')]}